Not only Standard_v2 and Standard. (#52625)
Azure/azure-content: articles/application-gateway/application-gateway-faq.md

Yes. In addition to multiple instances of a given Application Gateway deployment, you can provision another unique Application Gateway resource to an existing subnet that contains a different Application Gateway resource.

> A single subnet can't support both Standard_v2 (WAF_v2) and Standard (WAF) Application Gateway together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single subnet can't support both v1 and v2 Application Gateway SKUs.
```
